<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [Files][1]
    -   [GetVue][2]
        -   [Parameters][3]
    -   [Read][4]
        -   [Parameters][5]
-   [MetaDataVue][6]
    -   [ES6][7]
        -   [Parameters][8]
    -   [VueComponents][9]
        -   [Parameters][10]
    -   [VueTemplate][11]
        -   [Parameters][12]
    -   [VueScript][13]
        -   [Parameters][14]
    -   [VueStyle][15]
        -   [Parameters][16]
    -   [VueData][17]
        -   [Parameters][18]
-   [Exports][19]
    -   [ExportParentChild][20]
        -   [Parameters][21]
    -   [ExportArchitecture][22]
        -   [Parameters][23]
-   [Util][24]
    -   [WriteJson][25]
        -   [Parameters][26]
    -   [ReturnFirstMatch][27]
        -   [Parameters][28]
    -   [GetLineLength][29]
        -   [Parameters][30]
-   [Analysis][31]
    -   [Architecture][32]
        -   [Parameters][33]
    -   [ParentChild][34]
        -   [Parameters][35]
-   [MetaDataES6][36]
    -   [Comments][37]
        -   [Parameters][38]
-   [Classes][39]
    -   [Parameters][40]
-   [IdSelectors][41]
    -   [Parameters][42]

## Files

Description of Files Class.

### GetVue

Get all the Vue files in the input directory (collects files in nested folders too).

#### Parameters

-   `directory`  The directory to search for .vue files in.

Returns **[Promise][43]&lt;[Array][44]&lt;[String][45]>>** An array of file paths of .vue files.

### Read

Get the raw text data of a file.

#### Parameters

-   `filePath`  The path the file is at.

Returns **[string][45]** Raw text content of the file.

## MetaDataVue

Description of MetaDataVue Class.

### ES6

Extract the strings used to import modules using ES6 syntax.

#### Parameters

-   `fileString`  The raw text content of the file (.vue).

Returns **([Array][44]&lt;[string][45]> | [boolean][46] | any | RegExpMatchArray | [Promise][43]&lt;([Response][47] \| [undefined][48])>)** If any ES6 imports are found,
the original import strings will be returned.

### VueComponents

Extract the imported .vue components in the parent file.

#### Parameters

-   `fileString`  The raw text content of the file (.vue).

Returns **(null | [Array][44]&lt;[string][45]>)** An array of imported .vue components.

### VueTemplate

Get the entire string within the <template> tag in the .vue file.

#### Parameters

-   `fileString`  The raw text content (string) of the file.

Returns **[String][45]** The <template> string from the .vue file.

### VueScript

Get the entire string within the <script> tag in the .vue file.

#### Parameters

-   `fileString`  The raw text content (string) of the file.

Returns **[String][45]** The <script> string from the .vue file.

### VueStyle

Get the entire string within the <style> tag in the .vue file.

#### Parameters

-   `fileString`  The raw text content (string) of the file.

Returns **[String][45]** The <style> string from the .vue file.

### VueData

Extract the imported data properties in the parent file.

#### Parameters

-   `fileString`  The raw text content of the file (.vue).

Returns **(null | [Array][44]&lt;[string][45]>)** An array of declared data variables in the component.

## Exports

Description of Exports Class.

### ExportParentChild

Parse & export parent-child relationships between components to JSON.

#### Parameters

-   `directory`  The directory from which to read .vue files.

Returns **[Boolean][46]** True if the file export succeeded, false if there was an error.

### ExportArchitecture

Parse & export structural relationships between components to JSON.

#### Parameters

-   `directory`  The directory from which to read .vue files.

Returns **[Boolean][46]** True if the file export succeeded, false if there was an error.

## Util

Description of Util Class.

### WriteJson

Export JSON data to the filepath specified.

#### Parameters

-   `filePath`  The filepath to write to.
-   `data`  The JSON-serializable data to write to a .json file.

Returns **[Promise][43]&lt;[Boolean][46]>** True if file export completes successfully.

### ReturnFirstMatch

Internal RegEx utility - return just the first RegEx match.

#### Parameters

-   `matched`  The match array returned by the RegEx expression.

Returns **(null | any)** The first matched string, or null (if none).

### GetLineLength

Get the amount of lines in the given file string.

#### Parameters

-   `text`  The raw file text content.

Returns **[number][49]** The number of lines in the file.

## Analysis

Description of Analysis Class.

### Architecture

Parse the structure of the Vue application and its components.

#### Parameters

-   `directory`  The directory from which to read .vue files.

Returns **[Promise][43]&lt;[Array][44]&lt;[Object][50]>>** An array of objects containing properties related to the application structure.

### ParentChild

Parse parent-child relationships between components.

#### Parameters

-   `directory`  The directory from which to read .vue files.

Returns **[Promise][43]&lt;\[]>** An array of objects with parent & child properties - one for each nested relationship.

## MetaDataES6

Description of MetaDataES6 Class.

### Comments

Get the comment tags in the the .vue file.

#### Parameters

-   `fileString`  The raw text content (string) of the file.

Returns **[Array][44]&lt;[String][45]>** An array of comment strings from the .vue file.

## Classes

Get the css classes in the the .vue file.

### Parameters

-   `fileString`  The raw text content (string) of the file.

Returns **[Array][44]&lt;[String][45]>** An array of css classes strings from the .vue file.

## IdSelectors

Get the css id selectors in the the .vue file.

### Parameters

-   `fileString`  The raw text content (string) of the file.

Returns **[Array][44]&lt;[String][45]>** An array of css id selector strings from the .vue file.

[1]: #files

[2]: #getvue

[3]: #parameters

[4]: #read

[5]: #parameters-1

[6]: #metadatavue

[7]: #es6

[8]: #parameters-2

[9]: #vuecomponents

[10]: #parameters-3

[11]: #vuetemplate

[12]: #parameters-4

[13]: #vuescript

[14]: #parameters-5

[15]: #vuestyle

[16]: #parameters-6

[17]: #vuedata

[18]: #parameters-7

[19]: #exports

[20]: #exportparentchild

[21]: #parameters-8

[22]: #exportarchitecture

[23]: #parameters-9

[24]: #util

[25]: #writejson

[26]: #parameters-10

[27]: #returnfirstmatch

[28]: #parameters-11

[29]: #getlinelength

[30]: #parameters-12

[31]: #analysis

[32]: #architecture

[33]: #parameters-13

[34]: #parentchild

[35]: #parameters-14

[36]: #metadataes6

[37]: #comments

[38]: #parameters-15

[39]: #classes

[40]: #parameters-16

[41]: #idselectors

[42]: #parameters-17

[43]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise

[44]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[45]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[46]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[47]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/Guide/HTML/HTML5

[48]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/undefined

[49]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[50]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object
